This time I have decided to join a organization that works with the supernatural and other things that creep me out deeply, the SCP foundation. It is a self running organization of scientists and military personnel intent on contention and study of super natural phenomena, keeping what they can in a secure environment and possibly finding a way to destroy or secure any threats to human existence as we know.

The research is well documented on the foundation website and can be read by anyone with enough access privileges. Which most of the time means, whoever has the time to open up the website and browse through an ever increasing number of user generated SCPs. There are a lot of interesting ones, and the website will surely keep you reading for a long time. Although most of them are original work from fiction writers all over the world, there are some of them that are based off of other things, namely the statue that kills you when you are not looking. And the best part is that, if you don't feel like reading, you can find a whole lot of them in youtube, which is a plus in anything when it comes to reading.

My highlights from the series are SCP-049, 1382 and the stairway, which i do not remember the number of. 049 is a human-like entity with what appears to be a plague doctor's mask, when he comes into contact with humans (meaning when someone touches him, or is touched by him) the person dies, he then injects the person with some unidentified compound, and a couple minutes later said person reanimates, without any thought patterns or clear motivation until they see another human, when they proceed to kill, and then go back to mindlessly wandering. Yeah, he makes zombies, he is also capable of speech and has attested to the efficacy of his cure in an interview by a doctor. 1382 is a life buoy floating in the middle of a lake, attached to a crashed plane on the bottom of the lake, from time to time the buoy emits an SOS signal with a light fixed to it, and when it does all the people on the plane reanimate and assume crash position, but by the time the flashes stop, all activity inside the plane ceases and all the corpses go back to the position they where in before the flashing.

And the stairway. Oh the stairway. It is at first just a door on the bottom of another unrelated staircase, that seems like the continuation of said staircase, and it is there so it would make more sense for it to be than not, but it isn't since the other staircase leads you to the bottom floor. When you open the door you can se a stairwell just like the one on the outside, but just a couple steps in, does not matter the power of the light source, the stairway only illuminates a couple steps ahead of you, when you start descending into it you can hear a child crying beneath you and for some time the cry does not seem to get any closer, then a face starts following you and well, read the wiki for the rest. Damn that is the reason i don't use unlit staircases anymore.

The Wiki is user updated so there are tons of stories there and you should read at least some of them, just google it and i'm sure that they will entertain you for a long time. Thanks for reading and have a nice time with those stories, i surely did. 
