Hey there people, how is your week doing? Same as always I suppose, in any case, I've been thinking about the turn of the century this week, and how the 2000's never really had a rhythm that defined it, until I remembered the post grunge Era, oh it made me miss stuff I didn't even liked.

If you people remember, when the turn of the century came everyone was desperately trying to wash off the taste of the late nineties from their mouth, and most of the labels had already worn out all they could with the grunge vibe, even after the "Cobain incident" grunge was still making money up until the turn of the century, without taking into consideration less demanding tasks as controlling pop stars, it was where the money was at for the labels to milk, from that time a lot, and I mean a lot, of the government bashing bands were born, like Rage against the machine, system of a down, and so on and so forth, so when the clocks hit midnight all the people that already had them were making money, but the ones that didn't needed something new to mark the coming of the new decade, hence the post grunge was born.

You may not know the genre by name, but you have heard the music, bands like the offsprings, green day, rise against, Simple Plan and all the other hardcore bands that suddenly exploded out of the need for something to get the grunge away. Yeah it was a good time to be an angry teenager with a guitar.

From there came the post grunge movement, although you may recognize it more by it's street name, emocore, It was the new millennia showing it's face whether you liked it or not, you heard it.

I was one of the kids in the corner that never really paid any mind to what the people around me listened to, I was just there, listening to Blink 182 and SoaD, while everyone else talked about McFly's amazing album, and now I feel bad for never even paying attention to it (even though the band reminds me of disney's boy bands) it was kind of a good way to tell what would come next, I mean, by 2008 i could have totally guessed EDM was going to be a thing, but I never even payed attention.

To be really really honest, it was last year that I started to listen to Radiohead. Yes, I am deeply ashamed of that, right now I just want to say that I should have listened to more bands and musicians from the last decade (Oh man, I feel so old saying that) and coming back to the point of this weeks post, the post grunge vibe lasted a long time, even today some of the bands that came from it are still thriving, like the Offsprings (can't imagine they stoping any time soon) and even at some portions Linkin Park (They changed a lot over the years, but at the core they are really a post grunge band).

You may have realized by now that I used to terms to describe the decade, Post Grunge and Emocore, they are both really like each other, although completely different, where Emo music talks about feelings and lashing out at random girl/boy/dog/duck that made you sad, the post grunge movement was more of a strike the government and stick it to the man kind of idea, trying to get away from grunge while still maintaining all that made it actually grunge.

That was the turn of the century for most people, grunge had divided itself into two different yet coherent genres of not so pop music for angry teenagers who just wanted to lash out at something for whatever reason the TV gave them this week. It was a good time to be an angry teenager with a guitar. And I was part of that, right after the release of Guitar Hero 3 i picked back up my guitar and started playing around, making random cover music from the radio, even got a band together and we never played anywhere, like a true indie band, we were so indie that only ever three people listened to us, counting the band members.

Yeah, no actual point to this post, just wanted to talk about the last decade, because I seemed to have forgotten what it was, the time it took me to learn how to play the guitar and all the music that made me sad and happy at the same time, I think most of you will understand me on that point. Thank you for reading this weeks column, and until next week.
