Hey there people, how are you all doing? This week I have been following some e-mails from Arturia, the makers of my favorite hardware synth, they are promoting a couple software instruments they make using the "Keys behind the Melodies" campaign, it is actually a really good campaign that got me thinking about the other keys, the synths that none thinks about or even remembers, after a little digging I came across a few that I wanted to share with you guys.

The one that very few people remember of, and also the first one I thought about was the VCS 3. The name doesn't ring a bell does it? You probably didn't hear a lot about it since the company went under a long time ago (reappearing in 1995) although you may not have seen one of these, you definitely heard it, be it through Hawkind's "Silver Machine" or Pink Floyd's "On The Run". It sounded great, and most people liked it, the problem was that the little shinny box was finicky as all hell, it didn't matter how well you knew the machine, you could never make a preset sound the same twice, which was great for progressive bands, but totally useless for everyone else. That coupled with the Minimoog being released little time after EMS's machine sealed the synth's demise.

For those into the Synth industry ARP is a pretty well known brand, and even for some music fans the ARP Odyssey is a pretty well known instrument, being used everywhere (the most remarkable being the 80's opening theme of Doctor Who) even the 2600 is pretty well known for being the original voice of R2 D2, the one I want to talk about is the responsible for Herbie Hancock's wonderful Chameleon piece, the Soloist, it was one of the first "easy to use" synths, coming with presets and other play oriented capacities, it had about thirty something presets on it and was small and comfortable enough for you to stack it on top of a piano to play a second hand every now and then, to this day it's still one of the best looking (and sounding) performance keyboards I have ever seen.

Probably the one that hits closer to home when it comes to this column is the amazing Prophet 5, I will call bullshit on everyone that says they haven't heard any song on it, Sequential Circuits was so successful with the Prophet that everyone from score composers to musicians had one of these, it was in it's heart a polyphonic synthesizer that is as easy to use as a Minimoog. How can you go wrong with that? It actually helped that it sounded amazing and it was really good looking, unfortunately the company behind the original Prophet no longer exists, although Dave Smith still has his own thing going on and just recently released a new model (called, fittingly, the Prophet 6). As the about page on Dave's page says "It was the world's first fully-programmable polyphonic analog synthesizer" and being so the whole industry flocked that way and loved it, it is everywhere, from Michael Jackson's Thriller to the Radiohead's Kid A album, its one of those machines that not many people know, but everyone has heard. And for those of you that still don't remember Dave, he is one of the guys that came up with the MIDI architecture.

There is one that I want to talk about that is not exactly obscure, quite the opposite to be honest, Roland's Jupiter 8. You know this one, for sure, it has been on the stage of bands such as Queen and No Doubt, like seriously. The distinguishing thing about the synth is the pads it is able to create, as the name suggests it is an eight voice polyphonic synth, with two filters (a non-resonant High Pass and a resonant Low Pass), two oscillators per voice and two envelope generators. What does that mean? Actually nothing when you compare to the songs that were played on it. You know that weird bad ass synth part that begins thriller? Yep, the Jupiter was there, he did that.

And the last one, the one that makes me the saddest because no one even likes the kid and it's not even his fault. Moog synthesizers tend to be expensive as all hell, but there is an exception to the rule, the massively underrated Moog Prodigy. The poor kid did nothing to deserve this kind of treatment guys, you guys should stop ignoring him. The thing is that people say that the Prodigy is the "Moog that isn't a Moog" because Bob was not in the company at the time the Prodigy was released, and for that reason the poor little thing can be found at a bargain price pretty much anywhere, no one wants it. The fun fact is that there are a lot of people that played it, The Prodigy was even named after him, you could at the time find one in the stage with Christian Lorenz from Rammstein, Fatboy Slim and even Blur.

And those are the ones I wanted to share. some of the coolest synths I have ever come across and some that most people have never heard of. I would like to know your opinion in this, do you like the synths I have put here? Do you know any of them? Do you know one that you think no one knows? Show it to me on Twitter @trymeguilherme. As always thank you guys so much for reading this week's column, and until next week.
