Hey there guys. This week I want to talk about something that most people don't know or even care about enough to think about it. We will need a soundtrack for it though, so here it is.

<iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/239848327&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Yeah I want to talk about drugs for a little bit, you all know what society thinks about them, and you may even share most people's opinion on the matter but there are a couple things that you must think about before anything else.

First of all, I'm an asshole. Seriously, I am the worst person you could ever meet, I've hurt so many people in my life that sometimes I think I'm just a bad person in of itself, and being the shit storm of a person that I am, I don't have friends. Yeah, not even one, I have a couple people that I talk to so I don't go crazy and I have a few acquaintances but all in all I don't think I could name any friends on the spot. That one hit me in the gut terribly this year. And on top of that, the people that do like me already gave up on trying to help me, because it doesn't even matter to them anymore. Yep, this whole life thing has been pretty rough for me. I work at home, with my family, which makes me even more of a recluse that I already am, I see the outside world only through my window for the most part of the week and then I take a ride on my bike and communicate to people that are forced to play nice with me because I have money to buy their services.

And that is the background I have when I tell you, drugs are a society side effect. When you go around all day feeling useless, seeing all the happy and fun people around you, playing with words with the confusion of a child that figured out that TV exists, sharing experiences with one another, fucking, eating, drinking. Well, you feel bad, it crosses your head that there may be a reason for you to be alone and that you should feel bad for who you are and you just want to get away from everything. Then you remember that you heard about drugs on the television, you go and get some and for a couple hours you are fine.

Then you get addicted, and you could kill people just to be allowed to get away for a couple hours and that is when shit hits the fan. The main point being that, drugs are a side effect of being neglected by society, and yes, I can see the problems with that hypothesis, so let me dress them quickly.

Drug addicts are always in a pack, how could they feel like they have no friends? Well, that is the point, you surround yourself with people that think like you, drug addicts are all people that think that society has given up on them, that they do not matter anymore and that they should be allowed to kill themselves in whatever way they see fit. Society is too big to be able to acknowledge every single individual, so they feel like society gave up on them and the only way they can feel good again is through drugs and other vices.

They all seem so dumb, they are not deep enough to have that kind of insight into society. Well, they weren't always like that, as much as you want to ignore it, all of them have had a childhood and a mother and a life, and they were smart at some point, someone neglected them, their girlfriend dumped them, or their other friends who had gone through something like that decided they had to show them how good it was and now they are addicts. Their mind is not like it used to be, they will live a short life, and they will perish with very few people remembering them in a positive way, further confirming the hypothesis.

Drugs are a chemical problem, they can't stop. I mean yes, they can't and yes, it is a chemical problem, but it has not started like that, killing the root of the problem is a good way to start treating anything.

The point is that, people turn to drugs because they feel alone and want to forget everything for a few hours, and that is normal. Everyone feels alone every once in a while, and when you do, please just talk to someone, don't go around buying drugs and getting addicted. If you don't have someone to talk to, please talk to me, seriously, life is too short to waste it like that.

Well, this is all I wanted to talk about, this is it, the last day of they year and my last column, this has been fun, and I am really surprised I have been able to pull through all of it, every week, without delay. That is a major accomplishment for me, and I thank all of the people that have read all of them, I even had one of them that had more than a hundred kudos, and that meant a lot to me, thank you guys. Sorry if I have made you sad or something, but hey that is just the way I am. And also one more thing. If for some reason I have hurt you in any way, I am deeply sorry, it was not my intention, most of the time I don't even realise what i'm doing, I am an asshole in every way imaginable and I would hate to have someone sad because of something I've done. As always, thank you for reading this weeks column, and feel free to contact me on twitter @trymeguilherme. Since this is the last one I guess I won't see any of you again, so, i'll catch you on twitter? I don't know, good bye guys, it has been great.
