Hey there people, I know it's almost midnight, but it is still today, and that is all that matters.  As I type this it's about eleven pm and as I heard my typewriter click and clack all the way through a full column I heard my dear neighbors playing some unnecessarily loud music. Nothing to do with today's post, but for the love of all that you consider holy, don't do that, there are people that have to work in the mornings. In any case, been thinking a lot about photography all through this week, on the usual topics such as how is it that you can always tell if a picture is taken from an analog or a digital camera, and got to a sudden realization, you can't. Hear me out on this one.

Photography is a great and not so old art, capturing the world as it is and making it look better is an undeniably difficult feat for most people, even seasoned professionals tend to take a couple pictures that are not worth sharing, and so most people just settle for one or two of a bunch of photos they took because they think they look better than the rest. There may be one of two reasons for that logic, either you are a experienced professional looking for the next great thing in photography, or you have seen a photography that looked like that one.

The point being that you are trying to either recreate a piece with subjects that matter to you, or you are trying to create a piece that no person has ever seen, both of them are hard things to accomplish, even with today's cameras and all the gadgets and trinkets that help you take better photos, and the way that you may approach it is not always the easiest way to get to the final picture you envisioned (almost never is actually) so what is the right way? Honestly, I couldn't tell you, but the way I chose to get me there may be of use to you. I started by going back to basics.

What is the basics on photography? A pinhole camera actually, you may find a dozen different DYI guides everywhere you look for pinhole cameras made of every household item you may imagine, from sardine cans to cardboard boxes, if it haves at least one flat surface you can use it, and then all you need is a piece of film and a way to check for focus. Seriously try to make one, it is really cheap and it may kill the boredom of a Sunday if you have nothing better to do.

Then, after I have got a hang on that, with a couple good photos I could use and can't remember ever seeing anywhere, I moved another step up the ladder, with a home made Lomography camera. I was not yet ready to invest money on a actual Lomo, mostly because I wanted the instant and they do not sell those in Brasil, so I made one, with a clear piece of plastic that has been polished as a lens and a couple plastic tubes as the film holder, my "Lomo" was a simple single focus camera that shot pictures in my severely out of date films, and I was happy with it, honestly I was impressed with what you can do with that little thing. When I was happy with almost all pictures I took, a couple dozen photos later I decided that it was time to move up again, to an actual 35mm camera.

As you may be able to deduce I was running out of film, so I took my Kodak portable camera for a spin with my last reel of 35mm film, and got pretty happy with the results. I wanted more time to test the camera out, but I had no time or money to do so, and I was mildly content with the pictures I took with it, so I never bothered going back to it.

By then I was already at grad school, I needed my own camera, I was studying journalism so I needed my own equipment to work with, my camera, a recorder, a computer, that kind of thing, so I went around and browsed through oblivion comparing all kinds of digital and analog cameras, the rebel series had been just released and the D5100 had just hit the market, so I went with it, paid way more than I should for what now, four years later, is outdated tech. I am able to take good pictures with my camera on a regular basis, there has been a couple of parties I've documented that i didn't need to delete a single picture, that is an achievement for me.

All in all what I've learned from my little experiment is that it doesn't matter what you use to take a photo, a good photo will be good even on a 2 megapixel camera that shoots only jpeg, using film is just the simplest way to make your photos look like the ones you were thinking about when you took them, and digital cameras are here to help you get that look without the hassle of producing the photo afterwards. Whatever you may say about analog cameras is right, and whatever else you may say about digital cameras is also right, the only difference between you shooting with them is how familiar you are with the tool you have in hand. But then again, don't take my word for it, go and take your try with my little experiment, you may find yourself enjoying the little things way more than you should. Thank you for reading today's column and until next week. 
