This week i have moved away from my hometown, and my girlfriend accompanied me, I have moved to a little town in america. Started listening to the city's community radio. Amazingly entertaining the way that the host likes to talk to us, it makes me feel at home, hearing a voice that brings me comfort in this foreign town that i know nothing of, and also, cam me when i suddenly see a lion falling on top of a ice cream store. Got a snow cone fro removing it though. Life is fun.

As you may be able to tell I am talking about "Welcome to Night Vale", the best radio show I have heard since Radiolab. It is not as hugely produced as Radiolab, but then again it does not need to be. The content is interesting enough for the show to not need that much production. The program is basically one really smooth voice man speaking loudly and clearly to a microphone, and for some portions, a carefully crafted background soundtrack, or a song between segments. And that is it. No, seriously, that's it, no famous people interviews, hardly anyone else speaking, just the host, a well written script and some background sounds. How awesome is that?

I will not spoil the show as it is one amazing series that everyone should listen to, there are about sixty episodes in total, about half an hour each, available in all of your podcast listening tools, even for download, if you would like it that way. As far as I know the show is free to listen, just find it somewhere you enjoy listening to podcasts (Podbay is my thing) and listen to it as many times as you like.

Anyway you decide to listen to the podcast just be sure you are in for a wild ride. With lots of things you will be thinking about for weeks to come. If you are not sure about the series, just listen to the pilot episode, it is more than enough to catch you attention and make you a listener. Just remember never to mention the shape that is not describable. Or the color blue. ALL HAIL THE MIGHTY GLOW CLOUD. ALL HAIL. AND NOW SLAVES OF THE GLOW CLOUD. THE WEATHER.
