Hey there guys. Ah who am I kidding, I already know you all, everyone that reads this is from my close friends circle, and that is kind of troublesome, because most of you don't even like me anymore. In any case, today we have to talk. About beer.

You have probably already drank a couple bottles in your lifetime, I know I've had, and most of you have a favorite brew or brand, I have mine, and today I have took the time to deconstruct it, to figure out why it is so much better than the other ones for my taste.

Yes this column is just a reason to drink at nine AM, I couldn't tell what makes a good beer and for all that matters I won't. I'll just take the space I have here to describe what the beer I like the most tastes like when consumed with a variety of other things, like soda, coffee and stuff like that. I hope it's interesting to read at least.

Assuming you have had a couple of beers in your time i'll just skip over the obvious things in the taste, like the weird acquired taste that you only have when you have already drank a couple pints and get kind of dizzy and it starts tasting better, or even the weirdly addictive sour taste that every beer has, I'll just cut to the chase and tell you, it's one of the heavier beers i've tasted, although the alcohol content is basically the same as all the other ones, it tastes different, stronger, the kind that seems to get you drifting off after a couple sips, honestly couldn't tell you why, I just know it happens.

And the best things happen when you mix my beer with other licit substances, like coffee and cigarettes. When you smoke and drink at the same time both the sensations seem to add up, making the cigarette better and the beer sweeter, making everything work out in your throat's favor, describing the taste is kind of weird because the actual mix makes me unfathomably nostalgic(What?), i've spent a good portion of my early adulthood under the influence of beer and cigarettes, and all of those memories come back pouring in from every angle whenever I use either of them.

One of the best combinations that I have tasted was beer with whiskey, kind of weird yeah, but also the best thing in the world. Fill a cup with beer and drop just a dose of whiskey on it, it makes the beer have that amazing edgy taste the whiskey has while still retaining the sweet savory feel of the beer, mix that with a couple of cigarettes and you can relive my whole early adulthood, given that you provide the deep blues soundtrack and the loud as all fuck friends.

The one that I was kind of afraid to try out was actually the one that made the most sense, in the deeply speculative kind of sense, beer with coffee, I mean, what can possibly go wrong when you mix a depressant with an stimulant? A lot actually, if you stop to think about it, what i've done in the beginning was just, fill a whole cup of coffee and a pint of beer, drink the coffee first and then the beer, which actually tasted really good, the hot mouth from the coffee made me feel the beer a lot better than I would have, had I drank just the beer. That is one of the newer combinations i've tasted, not so much deep memories tied to, so it's also the one I can be more accurate about, I love it. Both the flavors balance out perfectly carving the perfect opportunity for a deep conversation with nine inch nails in the background.

Got a couple friends coming over in the weekend, I will make sure to share my findings in the department with them while we play some random game in the Game Cube. But honestly, you shouldn't take my word for any of the taste tests I have carried here, if you are old enough to drink, and feel like drinking, go for it. Ask your whole family to join in and play a game of cards while you're at it too, it'll be really fun. As always, thank you for reading this weeks column, and I will be seeing you guys next week, with a completely unrelated topic.
