Hey there guys, how are you all doing? Well, it's actually amazing that this has lasted for ten whole weeks, most of my projects last about two before I realize that I don't want to do them anymore, in any case this week I have travelled far and wide through the oceans of sound and caught myself thinking about instruments.

A musical instrument, according to Wikipedia, is an instrument created or adapted to make musical sounds. In principle, any object that produces sound can be a musical instrument. And that is the part that got me, are controllers instruments too? I mean, they must be, right? All sorts of musicians use controllers to make music, does that make it an instrument?

The thing is, an instrument produces sounds, musical sounds as Wikipedia goes, and controllers don't, sure they can play sounds stored on a computer, but most of them do not have the internal machinery to produce any noise other that your finger hitting the key, and most musicians in the classical sense just disregard them as not instruments because of that, even tough most of them provide more dynamics and performance options than the instrument they are based on.

"Controllers are more of a DJ thing", a friend of mine said to me, "I can't see myself using a controller to play a show that has not been recorded beforehand, so there is no way I can think of a controller being considered an instrument". I can relate to that actually, the sounds your controller makes have to be pre recorded and you have to know where they are, but that is as far as it goes, lacking the musical interpretation of notes and feel of said pre recorded sounds.

Then in the other hand, an electric guitar is widely considered an instrument, and by itself it makes almost no sound, if you don't have an amplifier a guitar is pretty much useless in any musical performance situation, what makes a controller different?

The fact that you play samples actually. Controllers are not supposed to be instruments, they are supposed to be creative triggers to pre composed songs, they change the music in the composition instead of the interpretation which we are used to see people do, and that is not a bad thing.

For all intents and purposes a song performed on a controller will be a new song every time, I may decide to add the bass line later on, or even change it for another line that used to be from a different song, or even scrap it all together and play a line live from a sampled instrument such as Monark, that is the basis of remixing, and what made music fun in the late two thousands.

Being fun to play, though, is not the same as being an instrument, a controller is an interface, the instrument is the computer, every controller you can own will make exactly the same sound, without any change in timbre, volume or even compression, and that is the part that breaks the argument for people that claim controllers as instruments, instruments have a certain feel to them, you can associate a timbre with a musician and decide to play like him, trying to imitate his sound using the same gear he uses. For a controller that does not happen, just sample the artist you are trying to emulate and play the same notes.

Midi controllers are not instruments, but that doesn't mean that electronic music doesn't have instruments, there are actually lots of them, exploring paths that could never be achieved otherwise, the thing is, the synthesizer is an instrument, not the controller. But don't take my word for it, go and check, feel free to be pissed off at me down in the comments, and thank you for reading.
