Modular systems. I mean why would you even want one? You would have to figure out how your stuff works to assemble a good whatever it is that you are assembling. Should you really take the time to do so? Short answer, yes, you should.

Way back in the day Bob Moog has decided to make a new instrument, it was basically a oscillator connected to a bunch of modulation boxes, floss and other amazing things he had made. He then started patching them into one another and figured out he had the weirdest instrument in the world, the Moog modular synth, It was, and still is, one of the best synths in the world, because it is modular. If by any chance there is a better oscillator, with cool new pulse waves instead of the sine/saw one you have, you just take out the one you are using and put the new one in, if you want a better LFO, just take out the one you have and put the new one in. And the best thing is, the synth gets cheaper at the lower end, right now in the web you can assemble a modular analog synth for five hundred bucks, as long as you pick the right parts for it, and ignore the lower end lack of quality. And then when you decide that you should put more money into it you buy better parts and patch them in any way you like. It does not get any cheaper than building a modular synth for anyone that wants to play the synthesizer in a band.

And a little time after the amazing idea Bob had, people figured out they could build their own computer rigs. The so called PC master race has sparked a flame in the heart of anyone that likes video games or computation in general, the prices of parts for cheaper, the lifespan of computers got longer and everything got easier, with people figuring out new pairs manufacturers and giving them credit when it is due, people investing a lot go money to make a good computer became a regular thing, and also people purchasing computers for a small base price,if you get the right mother board, the other parts are not that important in the first moment, then afterwards when you need it you may add a better processor, more RAM, a better video card, even a external sound card to drive amplifiers and high end speakers, and it will still be cheaper than purchasing a assembled computer from any manufacturer.

And then there eis the amazing project being worked on by fool, Project ARA. If you take the modular approach that Bob Moog envisioned, mix it with the cheap and easy computer building sparked in the last century and make it all smaller, fit in your pocket smaller, you get an idea of what project ARA is, when Motorola's research facilities set out to make a modular phone they just wanted something new and cool, and not the whole phone industry is changing. Being backed up by Google and the amazingly customizable android system, the ARA project was kept by the company when they sold Motorola last year and has what it needs to work, an environment. I mean who wouldn't want to develop hardware for a Google product? And the phones could get better, cheaper, have a longer lifespan, reducing wastes just as much as the modular computer has done a couple decades ago.

My point being that, modular systems are amazing. It is the way I would like to see the future and it is the way that Iron Man saw it too. The modular armor in the latest run of the comics is exactly that i would like Tony's armor to be, it can be the best armor in the universe in one thing, and you change a couple parts and it's all of sudden also the best in another, taking away the fact that Tony is amazing with technology and designed all the pieces, it is still a great concept for a space suit.

Answering my first question, yes, you should make an effort to assemble a computer, you should want to assemble your phone, your synth, whatever it is that you want to do. Modular systems are not going away, and they can make your life easier (and cheaper), try it out, even if you don't want to, I'm sure you will be amazed by the possibilities. Thank you for reading, and have a nice time this week.
