Hey there guys, how are you all doing? This week i've been thinking a lot about trading in my beat up Suzuki Intruder. It's not a bad bike by any means, but I just want something that will take me all the way to the beach and back. It's a five hundred kilometres trip and although I have done that run before on my bike, it was not the best experience.

I still loved it, it was one of the best experiences I've ever had, but god damn it, I kept thinking that the bike would break down, and damned trucks kept passing me left and right. My pride was bellow the floor by the time I got to the beach house. And that was the point where I decided I needed a better bike.

Right around that time I got introduced to the cafe racer scene, little did I know that the Intruder I owned was actually trying to mimic the classic British racing scene bikes.

So, a little history just to get this going. In the beginning of the twentieth century the motorcycles were kind of.. well, ugly as all hell. they were basically bicycle frames with engines and ridiculously stupid straight tanks under the bar between you legs. It was a dark time for motorcycles, i am joking obviously, motorcycles were created not long before that time, there was no frame of reference for "mechanical horses", as they would be called once or twice in the news paper.

Anyways skip a few years ahead to the years after the end of the first world war, T.E. Lawrence was already famous and there was a kid somewhere that got mad at his father and decided to make motorcycles away from him. That kid ended up making one of the most iconic bikes in history, the amazingly beautiful Brough Superior SS100, with the tank being positioned in the proper place for once, and made specifically for racing. T.E Lawrence bought one, and all of a sudden bikes were cool.

Around that time a couple other bike companies started making British looking models to compete with everyone else that was making British motorcycles. The most important one of them, for me at least, was Norton.

Norton was a pretty cool company with both their wheels on the race tracks, winning race after race to the point where the question at the end of the race was "Which Norton won?" instead of "Which bike won?" the future looked beautiful for the kid that wanted a bike. Then the war dropped, Norton got pulled from the tracks to work on the war effort, and BMW took over.

In any case, soon after the war there were the kids, the parents wanted cars and the Teenagers wanted the bikes the parents used to go around with, and so was born the cafe racer. Such a wonderful time, no one drunk, no one using drugs, their poison of choice was the amazing sensation you get when you speed through the highway at a hundred miles an hour. The most popular race thing they used to do was the "Jukebox Race". Get a coin, Drop in the jukebox, run to your bike, make the mile up until the end of the road, and race back to the cafe before the song runs out. How fun must it be to try that. Sadly I don't see any jukeboxes around me.

In any case, that is the part of the story you need to know, now going back to my case, there are three bikes that I put in my probable next list: The Norton Commando 961, the Triumph Boneville and the Royal Enfield Continental GP. Honestly there were four in the list, but I will not in any way have enough money to get myself a damned SS100.

Any one of them would be perfect for me, I just need to look good and get to the beach, the rest is superfluous.

The Commando 961 is a great looking bike, there is even an amazingly good looking cafe racer edition with the cool as all hell handle bar that would be stupidly uncomfortable to actually use in a long shot. In the other hand, she has a 961cc engine, which is way more than I thought I would be able to get, in my price range specifically, and it comes in "any colour as long as it's black" edition, which is great.

The Boneville is the actual model I wanted before I realised there were a couple other ones that would fall in the price range and look good doing so, it is really rounded, with a very comfortable seat and handlebars that just look like they are in the right position. And, most of all, it is the bike in the movie that ruined the cafe racer culture in England, The Wild One, so there is a lot of heritage in owning a triumph bike, I mean even the Doctor had one.

And the Continental GP is the one I met later in the lifespan of assembling this list. It looks amazing, it is really cheap, and it runs like a devil. It has that classic square (ish) gas tank, it is a single seater, single cylinder, 535cc, hard tail bike. It is pretty much a fifties England bike, that will for ever look iconic and will last a couple decades with the proper care.

And for the elimination. This is the hard part. First of all, I have a girlfriend, so I really seriously can't get a single seater, specially because I hate cars and there is no way in hell I will buy two bikes, so that rules out the Continental (DAMN IT). Second, It needs to be comfortable rolling out of the factory, that means, a comfortable seat, a good position for the handles and soft suspension. Honestly hard to judge from the photos that one, but after a couple hours scouring the internet for reviews, it seems that the boneville comes with a rather hard suspension, that is kind of bad, because I want to travel on the bike, but then the 961 has a very small seat and the handles seem to be out of the way a bit. it was not this time that I decided. And third, it needs to be serviceable from where I live. That rules out the Commando.(OH COME ON) So, my next bike will be the Boneville.

And that is awesome, honestly I wanted all four of them and I will have all four of them at some point in my life, but for now I need a bike that will get me through the day and to the beach every now and then, and for now, the one that does it better for me is the Boneville. If I lived somewhere else I would totally go for the Commando first, but because I live in Brazil, I need to get the one that can actually be fixed if it breaks. Yeah I know that I could import parts, but that is expensive as all hell around here. But hey, don't take my opinion for a fact, feel free to tell me on twitter (@trymeguilherme) how I forgot about that amazing american brand that everyone want to have. As always guys, thank you for reading this weeks column and until next time.
