
Hey there guys, how are you all doing? This week has been a long one for me, for some reason everything important in my job always goes down in September. I am just taking this moment to try and get some things out of my mind. You pay taxes don't you? I mean it's obvious that every country charges you for their jobs, I just assume that most people do.

There is a slight difference from country to country though, in my country for instance the government is not obligated to tell you how much it is charging for whatever it did to a said product's legislation. Then every once in a while people get interested and contact the manufacturer or the sales assistant of a company and just ask how much the taxes are and get a little bit of a heart attack.

Let's take to cars first, since is the most expressive commodity in my country. If you go and take a look ar Ford's american web page it states that the manufacturer suggested price for this year's Ford Fusion is around twenty two thousand dollars, go to the same website in Brasil, exact same car, a hundred and eight thousand reais (our currency) which translates today to about twenty seven thousand dollars. Where did that extra five thousand came from? Well, you may know that the suggested retail price already accounts for some amounts of taxes and retailer fees, that may leave you wondering where did that came from, honestly there are many better men than myself to tell you that, but cutting to the punchline, it's the taxes. About half of the car's price in Brasil is taxes, even with some tax exclusions that happened a couple years ago, it is still forty per cent of the full price. Amazing, even better when you realize that you purchasing a car you still have to pay more taxes every year for the rest of your life, not cheap for a car this price might I add.

And for musical instruments it's actually worse, you know that synth you went out and bought last week for a hundred and fifty bucks? It got to my home for about five hundred bucks. Ok i'll give it to them that I actually had to import the synth, paying import fees kills any person in this country, it pretty much triples the base price of anything, but when I took a look at the receipt for it I came to realize that well, it's not all the price. There are taxes for the taxes that makes you pay for more taxes. Seriously i've had to pay for everything they could fit inside it, and it has not even been stopped in our lottery of a customs agent that pretty much decides whether you pay import fees or not just by picking boxes randomly. Other countries may actually do that, I'm not sure, but it doesn't makes it any better.

Then you take a look around and your president is telling people that we are not in a crisis, honestly we aren't in a crisis, we are a crisis. It has always been bad and it's getting worse, go and fill up your gas tank, wait don't, never mind, just put in it seven liters of petrol, the same amount I put in my bike so I can compare. How much did you pay? I've paid twelve bucks. That's better isn't it? Oh well, it would be, had I not payed for half gasoline half whatever the hell they have decided to put into it this week to make it cheaper.

Sorry for the weird post guys. I just wanted to get it off my chest. Hope you have enjoyed this weeks column, as always thank you for reading, and until next week.
