So this week I was thinking, why doesn't my phone have buttons? I would surely love me some buttons especially for playing games and other stuff like that. Why didn't it work for Xperia Play or even the Ngage? I will take a look around and see if I can come up with an answer. Be right back.

I have searched through countless companies and seen that almost all of them have at least one phone with buttons, although virtually none of them are new. I got to a conclusion. It's apple's fault. Honestly, take a look at the industry before and after the iPhone, before it almost all phones made for the general public had a qwerty keyboard,  after the apple phone conquered the world people just stopped caring about buttons, even the important ones. I mean come on, a cellphone with no call button is just stupid.

The thing is that people don't even miss actual keys, I do, but most of the general public don't care about the lack of keys, because touchscreens are so useful that most of them forget how good it is to have a dedicated button to a feature they use a lot, like calling or texting. The point is that most companies don't treat buttons as a must have feature anymore. The ability to get where you are going without needing to look at the screen is compelling, but not enough for the market to change.

I got to try the e Xperia Play back in the day, it was just awful. They cut costs everywhere to make up for the fact that they had to make twenty something buttons for the phone. The result was an unsatisfactory slow phone that was a pain to use and the buttons weren't even that good. Do you guys remember that t-mobile phone with the amazing keyboard, that was how phones with keys should work, even though the android model socks, the whole concept is still valid in today's standards.

What I meant to say is that, if they (and by they I mean phone makers in general) make a phone with buttons, with actual good buttons, with no trade offs in battery life or processing power, I would buy one, and I know a lot of people that would, I even considered purchasing the passport from blackberry, with the current analog revival going on I am pretty sure that it would sell well. But then, don't take my word for it, go find a phone with actual keys and try it out to see how it feels, tell me how good it feels to have buttons instead of just a touchscreen. 
