Hey there guys, as you may or may not have noticed, I kind of didn't post anything wednesday. I forgot, and since i've been playing a lot with my new synth I figured you know, a couple days late is not a big deal, if I pretend it was because of research or something.

As I've said before, my new synth got here already, cutest little thing in the world, the greatest sounding instrument I own, without a shadow of a doubt, take a listen to this song.

<iframe width="100%" height="450" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/217349085&amp;auto_play=false&amp;hide_related=false&amp;show_comments=true&amp;show_user=true&amp;show_reposts=false&amp;visual=true"></iframe>

Sounds good huh? Pretty amazed by the possibilities that come up from having an analog synth in my desk, you can play it however you like, for any kind of music and sound effect, I've been able to make anything on it, from drums to lead guitar-ish sounds, even played a cover of Hendrix's Purple Haze only on the brute (not anywhere on the internet because of obvious copyright issues).

Yes, the pink cup is necessary, and also is the typewriter (how else would I write this column?) and the CRT television. And the fan. Stop asking. In any case, I use the Maschine as a stand alone drum sampler, outside of Ableton (I like the freedom of clips, and can't deal with Maschine's VST all that well) and then I have the Audiobox with one input for the Microbrute and another for analog instruments (such as guitars, basses, and even the Animoog app, that I always run as an regular instrument) and an out for my "monitor" a random active PA that I had laying around. For actually composing I use my headphones in the audio out of the mac, because well. Reasons.

For the first time in a long while I have got to a setup I actually enjoy using, I can do whatever the hell I want to, whenever I feel like it, and even if I want some analog drums recorded with microphones, I can just go downstairs to my actual studio and record there. You may think that this post is about bragging rights, but it's not actually. I wanted to talk about comfort in composition.

You people may or may not know that I have a couch in front of my desk. Whenever I feel like writing, or playing, I just lay down on the couch, pick up an instrument and play. Not even thinking about what I am doing, after a couple minutes I start recording, and after that there is a full song on the way. Sounds weird right? Where does the inspiration come and how does that work every time I lay down on the couch?

The only answer I have is, It doesn't. There is no "Right" way of composing, there is no tried and true way of making a good song, there isn't even a way to quantify what the hell a good song is, so I just record everything, if one or two out of ten turns out to be good I'm happy. The point being that composing for me is a way of letting out steam, a way to relax and feel fine, just grabbing a cup of coffee, laying down on the couch an playing, even if the songs turn out to be bad, I feel better afterwards, because the whole process is enjoyable and comfortable, which in turns makes me want to write more music and then talk to people about writing music.

Even on days like today, that I am sick as a rabid dog sat on my couch almost passing out from sickness, I can compose a song or two, maybe they are terrible but I do feel good about writing them, Because it s comfortable for me and makes me want to do that.

Finding a comfortable place to play around is all you need to help you do things. You want to learn to code? find yourself a comfortable place with a good computer. Want to learn accounting? Find a nice place to sit and look through stuff, if it is comfortable you will enjoy doing it and want to do it more often, becoming better at whatever it is you are doing. That is a thing I always try to do and it has been working out wonders for me. But then, don't take my word for it, try it. Sit down on a nice comfy couch and enjoy whatever you want to do today, feel good about doing things and don't get mad over small stuff. Thank you for reading today's column, and until next week guys.
