Hey there guys, how are you all doing, so this week I went on a little trip to the Mojave wasteland, obviously I haven't finished Fallout New Vegas yet given that I bought it during this year's E3 and have spent my time rushing through Fallout 3 to remember the feel of the games. In any case as I was playing around with the pip boy Doc has gave me and a weird thought came across my head, why is it that the pip boy doesn't have any competitors? I mean seriously, it is always the same logo, with the same OS, with some differences between versions, but still they are all the same.

It could obviously have been just because the cold war never ended so technology companies like vault tec had the government approval because they were more necessary than say, another company making pipboys for future generations to use while scavenging the wastelands.

But it could also be that the developers forgot. No one has the time or money to create a whole universe without holes in the story. It just strikes me as weird that even Nuka Cola had a competitor and vaulttec didn't.

And the more I thought about that the more I wanted to see the competition the amazing pip boy would have on a post war world, like ours, where economy thrives and fails due to public acceptance. Taking my free time to something useful for once I put all of my lack of skill to try and design what the competitors would have looked like, and why I think they would be good or bad in comparison to the Pipboy, so here we go.

This is the first one I thought about, the AR-T Art Terminal is focused on delivering the best composing and designing experience to all of the artistic community, with a analog synthesizer and a one of a kind IR tracking grid in front of the screen the AR-T is the definitive artistic tool for the creative minds of the twenty first century, making it a complete flop. Since the cold war never ended in the fallout universe the artistic community was focused by the government on developing propaganda ads and controlling music for the new world, as you may be able to tell the whole music industry was destroyed by that, completely stoping production somewhere around 1961, when the last song that is hearable in the radios on fallout was recorded.

The second one is more of a military applicable terminal, P-Ter the portable terminal was in some ways better than the pip boy in the sense that you don't need a terminal to load information into it, loaded with a ton of different technology, encryption and decryption algorithms, and even a tape deck recorder P-Ter was the goto choice of the electronics enthusiast of the era. The thing that made P-Ter lose it's post as most the useful portable computational device was the lack of an interfacing mechanism, the owner of a P-Ter could not log into tranquility chambers because of the lack of human-computer interfacing mechanisms. Apart from that, it was still a solid device.

And then there is the VAL 2000, one of the most advanced forensics tools the human mind could conceive, with it's built in camera and printing device the VAL was of utmost importance to police officers and detectives, with it's wireless connection to the police database and it's raw power the Val was able to identify criminals and fugitives using it's camera to compare the taken picture to the police Database. It even had a Tape Deck, for recording, sharing and reviewing evidence or clues in digital format on regular pip boys, albeit the only model that was compatible with the tapes was the Mark IV.

These were the ones my mind could come up with, and all of them would have been fierce competitors in the war for portable technology, albeit most of them have a few trade offs when compared to the pip boy. I'm sure that you guys reading this article could come up with a thousand better models for the competition, so I won't ask so I don't feel bad for my lack of skill, but feel free to share this article with people that would enjoy this kind of read. And as always, thank you for reading this week's article, I will see you all next week.
