I'm still very busy this week, the first week in the month is always complicated. And again I have something quick to talk about with you guys, those of you that have dug around in this blog may have read the piece I did about computers. I have decided to revisit the question this week, because of my new addiction to analog machinery, not to mention the two hundred thousand dollars Mac that has been sold recently and it's all around the internet.

Back when i wrote that blog post I was only thinking about the practical implications of having a single machine that did all the things I needed on a daily basis (namely text editing, web, phone calls and media editing in general) It has been previously established though that i wanted something in the form factor or a regular notebook, for reasons that I have failed to address in that post. The thing is, I'm not the kind of guy that walks around looking at my phone, when i'm away from home I always make sure to leave the phone playing something, a random playlist or a podcast, for as long as I will be away. I have since realized that I'm the only person in the planet that does that. I'm the one person I know that would not be annoyed by having to go inside a coffee shop to answer a call or answer when i'm back home, that is not how people are nowadays, so my needs are very different from the regular consumer. That aside, I do not want a new cellphone, I want a notebook, with a dialer, even if it's just a relay to the stuff that my phone gets.

Now we have an answer to that, I mean, we will have, next year.

You may have heard about the new Macbook. The almost unbelievably thin computer that all the geeks were talking about a couple months ago. I got to play with one about a week ago and it is not as bad as i thought it would be, honestly. It still obviously not worth the money put into it, but it is a moderately capable notebook, in the base model it has handled almost all I do in a daily basis, which is some photo editing, some video editing, although not too much, a lot of text and more web browsing than most people. I was impressed, I didn't even needed to do video, I just did because I thought I would have something to complain about later on. I didn't.

Still, at some points you can feel that the machine is working harder than it should, with a few slowdowns throughout the usage I had. And then we get to my point, next year I will buy the new Macbook, If they upgrade the hardware. Not very much, just enough for me to trust that I can retire my old Mac, God knows he needs a rest.

There are two reasons for me to get a mac, the first one is that I need a daily driver that will definitely always work then i need it, the second one is continuity. That is the single feature that made me look this way a few months ago, I will gladly buy an iPhone if that means that I do not need to pick him up every time I get a notification, Funny huh? But that is my reasoning. That is the reason for me to get a mac and an iphone, and that is exactly what I wanted. Once again thank you for reading, and have a nice week.
