I ran away from jail this week. I just dug a hole through my cell wall, put a poster on top of it, dug a hole under the wall by my cell, cut the fence and bolted from the place. It was amazing, I was so thrilled, by the moment I was out I was shaking so hard that I couldn't even light a cigarette. First thing I have done afterwards was to run to the nearest market and buy a pack of cigarettes and a beer.

As you may be able to tell from my last post, I have not actually gone to jail, or prison, or even a mental hospital. This week I am talking about the escapists, one of the best indie games I have played in my life.

For those not in the know, the escapists is a game about prison life, and most importantly, escaping prison life. It is a very simple game, that I could see coming from the sixteen bit era, you see everything from the top which makes walking around inside the jail you have been assigned to and making friends or enemies amazingly intuitive. And for some odd reason I got the hugest earthbound vibe from the game's art style.

I have played the game twice, once without any help and the second time with the amazing help of crafting guides on the Internet. Both of them were really different from each other. When you have no help from outside the game you are stuck with whatever you can figure out how to craft and any recipes other prisoners teach you through notes you can buy from them. It seriously took me three hours to figure out that you can make a shovel with duct tape a tool handle and a piece of metal. And all the guards hated me.

There are two main mechanics in the game, crafting and trading. You can buy stuff from other prisoners by spending the money you get from your amazing prison job (that range from a huge variety of pick this up put it there and drop it on the other thing) or helping your fellow inmates by beating up people, or getting things that they want. By doing your job you may be able to get a few things that you may need, like smuggling a guard uniform from the laundry room, or a sheet of metal from the metal works. Which leads me to the second mechanic, crafting.

When you first start up your new prison life you have basically nothing, a roll of toilet paper, maybe a toothbrush and a comb, and then when you get stuff from your buddies you are able to craft things that you need out of various other things that you may have acquired. You can craft a shovel in the way I described above, and the fortify it with duct tape and another sheet of metal, and even eventually combine it with a pick axe to make the astonishingly useful multi tool. Or even with a piece of plastic and a lighter you could make molten plastic to duplicate the guard's keys and just walk away from the front door. The possibilities are endless.

But what actually caught me by surprise is how much you get into the game after just a couple hours playing. By the second hour I pretty much guarantee you will be praying for not getting caught on a shakedown, and begging the other inmates for more duct tape. For a game like that to get you so invested in the experience is amazing. I will most definitely be playing it again and again up until the last prison I can escape from, and then some. If you can play the game, play it. If you can't, get someone's computer and play it. The escapists is undoubtedly a experience you do not want to miss from this generation.
