So, I was playing World Zombination today and got myself thinking about that case of the zombie apocalypse, I have done a little maths and well, if that was the case, we would be pretty much fucked.

For those that do not know the game, it is one of those social strategy games, but a good one for a change. It is basically a tower defense game for the survivors and for the other faction in the game, the infected, it is a reverse tower defense game, where you attack the defenses of the survivors and try to destroy the world by crushing every major city on the planet. You don't even need to ask which one i have joined.

In any case, the infected, you start with about fifty zombies and as you level up get more and more, although the main mechanic of the game is the zombie mutations, in every mission you are allowed to take seven mutations, and you can place those mutations on your zombies, mutating the unit you have dropped it on, changing it's statistics and attack patterns. For example, if you drop a brute mutation on top of a drone that zombie will get amazingly strong, but if you mutate him into a sprinter he will get faster than the rest of the horde.

I have thought about that scenario a few times before, a smart invasion would be much harder to contain than the normal zombie invasion. In this case there are thousands of generals commanding hundreds of units and every single one of those generals in independent from each other deciding to go wherever he might like. That complicates things a little for the survivors, it is like the Nemesis in the Resident Evil games, it knows what to do and lives just for doing that, but in this case there are thousands, even hundreds of thousands of independent corporations controlling hundreds of different mutations of regular zombies.

Running a quick check on my stuff, the last time I have played a faction war there were about a hundred thousand other people playing alongside me, about half of those were infected hordes with at least a hundred zombies each and assuming that everyone played more than one game, at least forty five mutated units each. That makes the horde at that moment to have been of about half a million possibly mutated troops, not a lot compared with the seven billion something people on the earth, but that war was just on Chicago, all those troops on both sides were on the same city. Besides that, take into account that the game is as of now fairly popular (and a little bird told me that it has been downloaded millions of times) and about half of the people that join the game are infected, the war is already lost for the survivors.

But then again, it is just a game, don't take my word for it, go check for yourself. The game is awesome, and i am on the winning side, come and join me.
