Hey there guys, how are you all doing? This week I've been thinking an awful lot about games, as you all may or may not know Fallout came out this month, a couple weeks ago in fact, and for some reason I have got myself thinking about how I tried to explain to a non gamer what it is that compels people to gaming. Spoilers, I've failed miserably, but I've always been thinking about how to explain it, so I will try again.

You know how in life you have choices? That is a thing that has been explored by every single media format in one way or another while trying to tailor an experience for a particular consumer. Choose your own adventure books, skippable songs on CDs, the ridiculously awesome experimental books that make you actually research in other places to find answers for questions in the book (House of Leaves), every single media has tried to do it, but none of them were as successful as games.

On my first time trying to explain the way games work I handed a friend of mine my iPad, running that amazing text adventure game Device 6, explained to her what you needed to do and why it was amazing. It flopped completely, she was not any more interested by gaming because of the possibilities it created for experimental book writing, but she was impressed with explanation I gave, the possibility of choice, even when it's fake, sets games apart from all other media, in a certain way, games are the ultimate media form, combining all we know about story telling, music and design into a cohesive experience that enriches all the base material.

Let's take for example Crazy Taxy, oh it was such an amazing game, I've played it for days without stopping, to the point where I had memorised the whole city, and when I stopped playing I realised that the songs were stuck in my head. I was not even into punk back then (Hardcore whatever, go see my column on genres to understand), and the songs just kept hitting me across the head time and time again to the point where I needed to download them (legally mind you). It was not because the songs were good in any way, as a matter of fact the songs sucked really bad, but the experiences I have had during that time, while listening to those songs were amazing, and nostalgia is a selling factor for music.

Taking Legend of Zelda as an example, I've never even listened to classic music before Twilight Princess was released, and because I liked so much the experiences I had in the game ever since at least one song of every playlist I make has a classic sonata, because the game was full of them, and when I listen to something that sounds like that I remember the time that I had to kill the giant pig to free my princess and my country.

That is the part that people refuse to take into consideration if they are not gamers, the fact that you can go in and literally be anything you always wanted to be, fight monsters, ride horses, be the driver of the rich and famous, save the world, people belittle those experiences because it is "Just a game" but those experiences are as important as real ones.

If you are able to, one day, rescue the princess from the castle where the evil turtle king is keeping her (it sounded so much better in my head), you can look back through all the journey that took you there and say, out loud, that you did that, that the character appearing in the screen is as close to yourself as he can be, you made every choice for every move that character has ever done, up until the end, that character was you, and you will feel happy, accomplished, and you will want to do it all over again, and then you put the next game on, and the next and the next, and before you know it you are a gamer.

That is the appeal of games, the fact that they make you feel good, in a world of masses where everyone is just a number on a chart you can feel like a hero for a couple of minutes, you can save the world in a few days, conquer the galaxy, anything you may imagine. But hey, don't take my word for it, go out and try it yourself, i'll race you to the princess. As always guys, thank you for reading this week's column and until next week.
