Hey there guys. This week has been hard for me. You may have heard of the passing of mister Satoru Iwata,and you may have gotten sad about just as much as I did, but I would like to take this week's column to remember one of the most important people in gaming, sorry if this post is sad, but I have to, Satoru Iwata was one of my heroes, right up there with Elon Musk and Todd Howard.

Everyone already knows mister Iwata's story by now, he began as a programmer at Nintendo a long time ago, worked on earthbound and pokemon, some other stuff and eventually became president of Nintendo of Japan, that is not what I want to talk about actually.

Have any of you watched the whole Iwata asks series? You should, it's great, anyways, it was the best marketing campaign a company can ask for, giving the fans direct inside knowledge of how games are turning out and how the developers are doing things, and from none other than the president of the company, he created a bond with the fans in such a level that honestly my twitter feed is filled with people that will miss him, seeing Satoru Iwata ask questions to game developers, even the cheap end of interview questions, has made me trust him more than I trust any other president I've heard of.

And also there are the directs. Oh man, how do we start? How does a company makes it so the fans know the news at the same time as the reporters that are supposed to notice them? You let Satoru Iwata run your company that's how. He just went and made a news show, that he presented himself might I add, to showcase everything the company has done in the time, that means all the games that are coming out, the systems, everything, and just put that on Nintendo's website for the whole world to see, eventually they post the whole thing on YouTube, but the first place for the news to pop is in their website. That is just smart in a whole new level. By making it come out first in their website the people that care about that kind of news just keep coming back to it, and by posting it on YouTube you expand your view number considerably, and those that view it on YouTube may want to head to the website to catch the next one as it comes out. I know I did.

In any case, Satoru Iwata was an amazing entrepreneur and he knew how to get in touch with the fans and developers alike, he will be missed by me. My condolences to his family and friends. Thank you Iwata, for all that you have done for this industry, all the minds you inspired and all the games you made happen, even though not directly.

Thank you guys for reading, and until next week. 
