So, this week I am not talking about any one thing in particular, I'm just locking myself in my studio, browsing through my game collection and picking my favorites. I know it is not something you have never seen before, but it's my take on a common topic. Keep in mind that i own all the games in this list in some form and will only discuss them superficially, for the sake of article length.

Just a couple of rules to make my life easier, one game per franchise, two per genre, and obviously, the list can't be all for the sake of nostalgia, the game has to be good today, it does not matter how many childhood hours have gone into it. Also, they are not in any particular order.

The first one I want to talk about is The World Ends With You. Yes, and RPG, so what? It's a great game, with a deep investing story that got me into it from start to finish, and for some reason after it was done I have started it all over again. It's just that good. A good 2d game with well designed sprites, great soundtrack and amazing characters.

The next one is Super Metroid. What can I say about the game that has not yet been said? Super Metroid is an epic experience, with a great world to explore, fun power-ups and one really cool looking space ship. Don't care if it was a rip off of alien, it's still a great game.

And then there is Dynamix, a simple rhythm game for android that got me tapping away on my screen for hours without stopping. It's a fast paced game where you tap at lines that come towards you from all directions. With a great selection of music made specifically for the game, you should go and try it out, they need the exposure.

Fun for fun's sake is the theme underlying the new classic from insomniac games. Sunset overdrive drops you in the middle of a zombie filled city with a ton of cool weapons and great movement mechanics that keep you exploring the city for weeks. The story line is a little generic, but the gameplay and overall fun missions keep you glued to the TV for at least the time it will take you to finish the game.

Reinventing the platforming genre once again Nintendo hit a home run with Super Mario Galaxy. Without that much of a story, the game relies on the awesomely thought out gameplay and the iconic soundtracks the series manages to make echo inside your head. If there is one Mario game that everyone should play it's this one. Try your luck at breaking the levels and finding other ways to get to the star faster.

Can you see the pattern emerging? These are all games that had a story line and an end goal and everything else that a game needs to look more like a story than an experience, but still let the player make the choices, and make them seem important. That is the thing about games, it's the only media form where you are not stuck with whatever the original designer laid out for you. You can choose to see the story that is there, or you can create your own story, your own unique experience that you would like to tell to your friends whenever you are talking about games. How many times have you sat down with a group of friends, drinking beer, and talked about the storyline of a game? Not that many huh? And how may times have you told them about that weird glitch you got? Or that awesome way you can finish that level? The point being that what comes off of a game is the experience you have had while playing it.

The most important thing in a game is the game aspect, being able to make choices, and feel that the choices you make actually matter. Even if in most cases they don't. In the telltale games, everything goes the same route not mattering what are the choices you have made in the game but in the moment you are making them, they seem to matter, and they should matter right? I mean how would the frog forget that i told him to go back inside? And that is the moment where you stop and take a look around, those choices have not mattered and the experience you have had is the same that everyone else had, so they are not important, and you will probably play the game just one or twice. That is just how I feel about it, feel free to prove me wrong, don't take my word for anything, go and check every top ten list anyone has ever made and tell me there isn't a game there that is controlled by player choices. Thank you for reading, see you guys next week. 
