Hey there people, so this week I've been introduced to a genre I didn't knew existed, with a really stupid name, and probably the strangest guitar playing I have ever heard in the history of me listening to random music on the internet, Djent. Well, you know something is going to be good when you can't even pronounce the name of the "genre". Let's get into it.

Djent is a micro genre derived from metal that started around the early two thousands when the band Meshugah started to rise to fame, the name of the genre comes, supposedly, from the sound a severely down tuned guitar is played. (That's seriously what everyone seems to agree as to where the name came from) It seems to be defined by a kind of complex rhythm, with distorted and down tuned guitars, some usage of samples and a really heavy hitting metal drummer. So basically Dubstep on guitars.

There are some bands, and even some Youtubers, that classify themselves as Djent players, like the HAARP machine and Rob Stallon, although I'm not sure if Rob actually Djents.

I have listened to it for a couple of days now and I am pretty sure that it's just a different name for something that really doesn't need any more genres. Honestly, go to wikipedia right now and get a list of metal sub genres and tell me that is not enough, metal has almost more sub genres than electronic music, and that is quite a feat, seeing that electronic music has encompassed every other kind of music in one way or the other.

The idea of Djent i do get, get a guitar, down tune it, play dubstep while a good drummer hammers it away like nobody's business and scream to let your anger out. I even get the name, because "But does it Djent" actually sound cooler than "Do they play", I can even see myself using the term from now on while referring to metal bands, but why does it have to be a different genre? I mean, Mathrock is basically the same thing a little faster, so if you change the tempo you need to change the genre? If that is the case I seriously need to go back to my music and recategorize them all.

That is something tat has been troubling me for quite a while now, I do understand that you need a way to tell apart Dio from Sepultura, but do we really need to be able to tell apart Meshuggah from Lamb of god? I know I haven't heard all that much metal in my life but seeing from here they do sound a lot a like and I would like to call them by the same name when I go around putting my music in their folders.

That is something that is a controversy on the oven, everyone likes to come up with a name to describe exactly what their favourite band plays and goes around disseminating their knowledge of said band being from said genre, where the actual sub genre they assign their band to doesn't make all that much difference, honestly, music is music, if it is well made I will listen to it, if it is not I definitely won't.

The point being that, although categorising music is a good thing, that helps people find what they are looking for, I feel that music genres are too restricting, like going into beatport and looking at a specific genre you close yourself from all the other amazing music that could totally fit your awesome new live set if you gave them a chance, I stopped using genres on my iTunes library for that reason, if I need a song that haves a guitar and a sax on 140BPM I don't really go through all the genres trying to find it, I go to 140BPM music and look through my tags finding the ones that matter to me, listening to them, sometimes from widely different genres, and find the one that suits it, and keep going from there until I have all the music I need.

I'm not saying that everyone should abolish genres altogether, but it is a fun thing to try by yourself, you will be surprised at the amazing music that was hidden in a genre you don't listen to and probably never would. But then again, don't take my word for it, go and try it yourself, you will feel better after it. As always guys, thank you for reading this weeks column and until next week.
