Hey there people, how are you all doing? This week i'll take my time to take a topic that has been running around my mind for quite some time now, feminism. Yeah, it will be a heavy one, you may want to skip this one.

So, i've been watching some videos from Female Frequency's channel yeah, it's been a long time since i've heard about #gamergate, but for my own sanity I have not looked into it. Hell it might even give me a heart attack if I think about the stupidity of the videos too much, but I had to think about it eventually.

I've had some friends in both sides of the fence and in most cases they are very open minded individual with whom I can talk about when researching for this article, not that I have, this is solely my opinion, but it's good to know that I could. Let's start by going with the trend, let's hear what Anita Sarkeesian has to say.

I won't link to the video, if you want to see it go and find it, it's called Women as Reward, from the channel liked before.

Metroid, why would you take a shot at the series I love the most? In any case, yes, Samus is a woman and yes if you speed run the original you can see her in a swimsuit, why does that have to be sexist? I am sexist by going to the beach? But okay, I can see where you are coming from, that was wrong, we shouldn't have done it. If it was a guy would you have taken that much consideration into the scene? What about the ridiculously awesome indie game Towel Required? (You should totally play it, go do that now) Just because they are men in the game it isn't sexist? I get that you want equal rights, but the rights are not equal if you are going to simply bully anyone that thinks differently than you do.

But okay, never mind that, let's keep going, Resident Evil is up next. Well, you fucked up there, none of the characters are weak females in need of rescue. Wait what? Alternative costumes? Oh come on, that was cheap and you know it, criticising something is okay, I get that not everyone has the same mentality, but jumping on a game full of astounding, strong independent women as protagonists and claiming that is sexist because there is a nurse costume to a former nurse is cheap. By the way, if the girl is from a certain family tree she can wear whatever she wants to. Honestly, if you want to find something wrong, you will find something wrong, giving bullshit reasons for your stupid endeavour doesn't make them more legitimate.

When you decide to tackle entertainment instead of real world examples you are simply ignoring whatever it is that you are fighting for. In GTA V you can hire prostitutes. Prostitutes increase stamina. And that is exactly what sex does in real life, what is your problem with that? You want to ignore the real world prostitutes OK, that's fine by me, but just please, take a look around you before you go throwing stones at the nearest population.

There is no way in hell that about two thirds of the world population are straight white males living with their parents. The games mentioned may be kind of a given when talking about women sexualization, but they are also historically accurate. Saying that we shouldn't portray prostitutes being prostitutes in ancient roman culture is turning a blind eye to history.

Then collectibles. You know about the Vietnam war don't you? What was the most valuable possession of a soldier there? Porn, that is what. War is like that, there are soldiers, some of them with wives and girlfriends, who like to see their women naked every once in a while, why is that wrong? If you have a girlfriend is it wrong for you to see her naked? No, it isn't, it shouldn't be and it will never be.

Okay I give up. No point in trying to teach a wall to speak. There is a good point in there, somewhere. I know that games are getting weirdly sexual nowadays, and I completely agree that there should be more naked men in games. But when someone goes as far as thinking that He-man is a good male character and Barbie isn't that person is just being stupid. The main point of that  video is that, if you are a woman, you have no choice, you have to agree with her view and disregard anything that you think is cool or useful for honest discussions.

But the absolute winner of that video is that there is not even one video backing it up. There is not a single video or response anywhere that agrees with it, and that is saying something. When the people you are fighting for don't agree with you, you should realise that something is wrong. Game designers don't hate women, there are a lot of them that are women. But then again don't take my word for it, try to talk with people and see it for yourself. Thank you for reading this week's column, and feel free to harass me sexually in @trymeguilherme. Until next week guys.
