So, this week I have started on a new job, and you can guess that I have not had the time or strength to pursue another hobby or something fun like that to put in the column this week. I have though prepared a cool little piece on the Need for Speed series and racing games in general, hope you guys like it.

The Need for Speed series has always had a special place in my heart, since Hot Pursuit 2 on the Game Cube I have played every single installment of the series to completion. Hot Pursuit 2 was such a good game, and if you think about it, there were only about twenty cars and fifteen or sixteen tracks. What sold the game for me was the soundtrack, it kept me coming back to the game just to hear the songs, because back then I had no way of downloading music, we only had internet in my father's office and still it was a dial up connection used exclusively for work. The point being that, every entry in the series has something that kept me coming back, not so much the same one as Hot Pursuit 2 had, but all of them had something that was really fun, and reminded me of an easier time when i could play games all day.

Even though the series has not changed much over the years, it always sparked conversations in my group of friends, much more than the latest Call of Duty, because we all like cars, and mechanical machines, (I actually write this column on a typewriter before I upload it, seriously) things that tick are always fun to mess around with. And after all is said and done, there are two things that every Need for Speed game has got right about racing games (so right that other games have adopted it) the driving engine and the customization options.

Do you remember the first time you have heard about NFS? I'll take a wild guess here and say it was Underground. "Oh man you have to check out this awesome new game that came out, you can customize your cars and then race with them..." was probably the first line you have ever heard about the Need for Speed series. And it was right, it was awesome and you have spent time creating custom cars in the awesome new game. That feature was the main selling point for the series for so long now that I'm almost unable to remember the time before that.

Yeah yeah, I know that the customization has been kind of left behind in newer games (in favor of gimmicks and stuff) but it's what makes NFS a NFS game, since Underground the customization had played a role in all the games, so much that other racing games adopted it, it may have not been the first, but it was the most influential. Even Mario Kart took a page from that book, seriously.

The driving engine that just feels right sometimes even better than actual cars, (because well, you will not race in the car that you take your kids to school or whatever) and it was fun, getting rid of stuff you don't need when you don't need them. I swear to you that most pro drivers wish this was a feature of real cars.

For me those are the two most important things in a race game ever, all the rest is fixable, these two are the ones that will make or break for any racing game I try out. And they have actually gotten more important over the years. With the online games the customization shows who you are to the world around you, and the gameplay makes sure that you have no one to blame but yourself for your errors. These are the things I await for in any racing game, and that is exactly what I am waiting for in the new NFS game to come out next year, get to it EA. But then don't take my word for it, go check for yourself, thank you for reading, and have a nice week. 
