Hey there guys how are you all doing? I've been thinking about reality again. Yes I've been reading Diskordia, and for some reason the comic always gets me thinking.

I just don't care you know? I'm not even sure that this is real. How would you be able to tell? We are so limited in our perception of the world we live in that we can't even imagine a four dimensional world. We have to invent clever machines to be able to see what is staring us in the face for as long as we've been here, why should the world even matter? Why being human matters? All we have and praise as our own things have been made up by someone else in our species.

Lots of questions that pop up every now and then. We are just pieces of an elaborate machine and we are not even sure what the machine is doing, why should we care about the world then?

Because we are special? We are just fruit of random chance. Some day a billion yeas ago a couple carbon molecules decided to combine and create a complex chain of proteins that would give us a prime ancestor. We are special because we are lucky? Why? If the dogs had evolved more than we did, would we consider them special? If we need to craft tools to be able to see the world, what makes us different than a dog? Without our clever machinery we can only see what is big enough, and even then only when radiation bounces off of it, or the air around us hits it the right way to make it come back to us. In that sense, dogs are much more "special" than we are.

It's our collective experience the one that sets us apart? Why? A pack of wolves has better coordination than a room full of entrepreneurs and not only that, they also have better reasoning for acting together. We are just the same as everything else living in this world, even the ones that hide on the corner of your eyes.

Pretending is the only thing the human being is good at. Everyday we pretend we understand the universe, the planet we live in, the system that we are making in our computers. We pretend so we don't have to face the reality we live in, we don't know anything. Just because we have been able to come up with a mathematical system that describes the world we live in it doesn't mean that we understand it. Our lives are too short to be able to see anything we predict the universe to do, light is too slow to show us what the universe is doing, and there is even the possibility that the best is yet to come. We could probably come out with another set of rules for a computer to calculate what the universe is doing, but we just don't know what we need to know to be able to do that. The universe may even be just a background to our delusions of comprehension, while the real world spins around under our feet.

Honestly, how much do we know of anything to be able to tell that dreams are not real? And what if our dreams are the way our subconscious brain haves to show us what real life looks like? What if our dreams are the way we have to communicate outside of our universe, and experience life as it is?

Yeah. Life is weird. The set of rules we chose to lead us through it is even weirder. Hope you enjoyed keeping tabs on what we don't know, and as always thank you for reading, until next week, when we will have a set of rules to dictate what sounds, looks or feels better in any man made object I will be talking about. 
