Hey there guys, how has this week been treating you? I feel like a dog threw up on my pants. Yep, that means summer is here. Don't really know how you all cope with it, but i downright hate every moment of every summer night I have ever experienced, allow me to take you through my usual summer night.

At about ten in the night I decide that I need to sleep. I shut down my computer, if I have my phone around I take it to bed with me where I stumble around random reddit pages until about half past ten, then I set up a couple alarms and leave my phone in the nightstand by my bed, by then its about eleven and I know that if I don't sleep now I won't be able to get to work tomorrow morning.

At about eleven thirty I figure out that I still haven't been able to sleep, I try as hard as I can, but I can't seem to find a way to be comfortable in my blanket, which is usually pretty comfortable all other nights. Usually my good sense tells me that i'm hallucinating and I should be comfortable in it just like I have been in all other nights. This useless moral debate usually last up until 2 am when I give up on sleeping altogether.

I get up, make a cup of coffee for myself, lay down in my couch, pick up the notebook again, go on youtube try to listen to a couple different summertime songs that are popular, figure out that i'm too old for this and go back to nineties/early two thousands songs about politics/girls/summertime blues, whatever is easier to find on youtube at the given moment, then nostalgia kicks in and I start listening to blink again, pretending it's not embarrassing to be a twenty something year old stuck in the past smoking a pack of cigarettes a day and leaving to work late every single day.

Then the sadness kicks in, it's right about now that my girlfriend wakes up and says something about me needing to sleep or something. I have another moral debate with my conscience and we both decide that it's too late for that, and that I will have to endure thirty something hours up, and go to bed tomorrow, so I sit by the bed and start typing random responses to people on reddit to see who gets my attention this fine evening.

Then it's about three something AM and reddit starts to die out, because everyone needs to get up for some reason. I take to cartoons as my last resort, after browsing through everything that has been out this week I realise that I have already watched all of them yesterday, when I couldn't sleep, at about three something AM. Which takes me to reruns in streaming websites, like seriously, I spent a whole week complaining about show reruns and stupidity and now i'm doing exactly that to pass my time during a damn summer evening. Oh boy I hate summer.

Then when I decide that the reruns are not worth it anymore it's already about five AM and I need to leave to work in an hour and the cycle completes itself, taking me right back to blink and sadness, when I get up from my bed again to drink some coffee and pretend that I have the energy to go through another day like that without completely blacking out from exhaustion in my desk at work.

And that guys, is why I hate summer, I can't sleep when it's hot, I can't think when it's hot, I get sad, my girl gets mad at me and I black out at work. What about you guys? What do you do against the terrible forces of the summer? Feel free to tell me about in the comments below(?) or in my twitter @trymeguilherme. As always guys, thank you for reading, and I will see you guys next week.
