Hello there people, haven't been doing much this week, just banging random keys until stuff starts to make sense in my head, well, there it is. Something that I always wanted to talk about, the "Writer's Block". Been Struck with a pretty severe case of it this past month, even this column (That is supposed to be easy to write) has become kind of a chore, annoying even. So let's have a word about that shall we?

It starts like most other things in life do, you get up one morning and you can't do what you did last night anymore. You nod it off as "I'm still sleeping" and go grab a cup of coffee, when that doesn't help you try taking a shower and banging random keys on a keyboard until you feel like writing something, that is when you realise that all that you wrote sucks and start throwing away pages and pages of perfectly usable material, because in your it is easier to write again than it is to fix the wrong parts of the "unusable" material you just wrote. Eventually you give up and go of something else in hope that it will lead you into writing something that you think is worth it.

You may play some random games, take a stroll through your favourite park, go out to eat with someone you like, whatever you do whenever you need to, for lack of a better term, cool off, you think about it a lot, come up with a dozen topics that you can talk about in amazing detail if you thing about it for a couple minutes, but you never do, your mind starts faint in ways it is not supposed to and you can't keep a line of thought in your head for more than a couple seconds. And then you get sad.

You may have heard in a place or other "Sadness is a writer's blood", that is not exactly true, the alcohol is the one that helps, being sad is just a consequence of the alcoholic content in your blood. You pick up a piece of paper and starts dozing off through endless miles of alcohol induced depression until you have a couple paragraphs ready for a material you may or may not use, because at this point you know that you shouldn't judge things while drunk.

Waking up the next morning the air seems heavier, you pick up the piece of paper you wrote last night and figure out it also sucks, like all the rest, and you start writing random things that are in your head, out of frustration, you start by cursing all gods and demons you can think off, then you curse the world and the society, your friends, the things you do, the list is pretty big at this stage and then you start telling to the paper the story you had in your mind. How there was a guy in a desert looking for something, and the guy gives up halfway through and a flying airship comes to pick him up after being called upon via radio.

"Wait wait, go back, that last part was cool" you say to the paper, out loud, practically shouting.

And then you realise the block is over, as suddenly as it came it went away and there was nothing you could do about it, like a flu, you just have to give it time to go away, there is no miracle cure for it, other than perseverance. As long as you keep trying it will go away. But hey, that is just my story, what do you guys do when you can't write? Feel free to share your stories with me on twitter @trymeguilherme, or on the comment section bellow. As always people, thank you for reading this column, and I will see you all in a week.
