Hey there guys, how are you doing? As you may know this week is one of those important ones for people that like games, E3 is here and we get to see everything we will be playing the whole year, I thought that it would be fun to take a look back at some of the best moments i've had after all those years watching, the biggest surprises and the best announcements, I'm sorry if I can't recall the years properly, it's just been so long since the last time I've talked about games with actual people that well, my memory is rusty.

Some of you may be a little older than I am, but I guess that most of you remember the Wii's debut event, oh boy, have I anticipated it, for months i've been drawing what I thought that nintendo should do with the controller, and what I wanted to see in the press conference but they still blew me away, and the first thing I thought when I saw the wii-mote was, well, I wanna play Star Wars with that. Still waiting on a good Star Wars game but hey, I can dream.

Even with the amazing Wii launch there is still one moment I felt that hit me harder, and it has been well over ten years ago, when nintendo went up on stage and announced both Metroid Prime and Fusion. Seriously from the moment I heard about a new Metroid I ran into my bedroom and plugged in all the consoles I had just to catch up with the story. It wasn't even online that i've heard it, it was on Nintendo World magazine, a popular game magazine from Brasil, I kept digging on that page for hours trying to find something I had not seen, and sadly I found nothing. The games were great though, even fusion was a really good game even though most people bash on it because of the linearity.

There was also the one where they unveiled the DS, oh man, so much nostalgia, I had no money to buy one at the time, because we were not so settled in my father's business and stuff, so I spent a whole week trying to make one out of paper and glue, It was really cool, I should have kept it. And for some reason even after all these years I still want the DS prototype they've shown at that conference, It looked so much cooler than the model that was released.

Oh, there was also the time they showed off Super Mario Galaxy, I didn't really get the idea behind the game from the videos, but I do remember watching a music video with Kaiser Chiefs playing as Mario jumped around in the first level, it took so long for me to be able to play Galaxy but I don't regret having spent all the time I did finishing it.

And there was also that first trailer for Gears of War, oh boy how many times have I pressed the replay button on that one, with that amazing music, (it was Tears for Fears I think, can't recall) the whole game looked so gorgeous that I spent about a hundred bucks in a local games store playing it through completion.

Oh and do you remember Star Fox Adventures? And what about Pikmin? And Super Mario 128? Oh there was also that one with Need for Speed Underground 2, If I keep going this will become a book.

That is actually the reason I wanted to talk about that, E3 has been such a big part of my life, I even decided to be a journalist in the dream of going there once in my life, the event changed me so much, made me so anxious about so many things and games and more events, it is the greatest expo in the world for me, and I still want to attend someday. But hey, don't take my word for it, go check E3's coverage by someone else, you may be surprised at how cool the whole show is and even fall in love with the biggest gaming centered convention in the world. Thank you for reading, and have a nice week.
